I live in Prenzlauer Berg and I’m a screenwriter.
When I have to clear my head
or I feel that my stories are stuck,
I often cycle to Tempelhof Field
and look out over the wide expanse of the field.
That works really well for me.
It resolves my mental block
and I have thought of wonderful solutions here
that I write down on a little notepad.
And after a cup of coffee in the café on the other side
I cycle back home and think:
God, it’s so nice to have such a huge space here in Berlin.
I used to fly from Tempelhof Airport.
The first time I cycled to the airport,
but then I realised that it’s within walking distance of my street.
So the second time I walked to the airport with my suitcase and checked in.
Because of the tense political situation in late 1960,
my father wanted to avoid the land route
and so we flew to Hamburg from Tempelhof.
I was almost 5 years old.
I knew about angels from my granny and I thought they lived in the clouds.
But I couldn’t see a single angel above the clouds.
That just wasn’t on!
I was so angry, that’s probably why I couldn’t see them.
I was just out for a walk on Tempelhof Field
when it started pouring rain.
I sought refuge in this phone booth and listened to all the stories,
looked at the books and enjoyed the thunderstorm in peace.
Thank you, dear phone booth.
I come to Tempelhof Field a lot,
it’s such a great place to just spend time
without having to do anything super productive.
You can look around and just enjoy yourself.
That’s really nice about Tempelhof Field.
I just tried out my souped-up e-bike.
At the very start I used to speed along here on a motorbike.
There’s a bit too much police around here,
it’s almost like Heidelberg.
So may the field stay free – or rather become free.
Bye-bye.